(birds wailing)
(phone ringing)
Ah, yes.
Hello, Mr. Park,
I'm calling today
in regards to that
little bill you submitted
to the National Assembly.
You're putting me in
a tricky situation.
Yeah, we're in a pickle. If
you understand my meaning.
[Mujin] How much do you want?
(laughing) Oh, come on now.
Don't play naive. You know
we're well past all that by now.
You and I are going
to have a nice, long,
heart to heart soon in
the prosecutor's office.
Don't worry, I'll put
that funding to good use.
Scout's honor.
Buh-bye now.
I'll splash it all over
next week's front page.
Corruption and sex scandals,
helluva double feature.
Ruling party leader Mujin
Park's dark side exposed.
His hopes to be prime
minister crash back to earth.
Sound good?
He's gotten too big for his
britches. That's for sure.
Whether you like it
or not Mujin Park,
you're about to find out who
really runs this country.
Well, I figured
his luck's run out
now that he's picked
a fight with you, sir.
[Man] Idiot didn't
stand a chance.
[Man] (laughing) You said it.
(waves crashing)
(wind gusting)
Anyway, I'll take
care of- (bellows)
What the hell?!
Huh?
(whooshing)
(all screaming)
[Mujin] What's our progress?
Sir, negotiations with
all agencies are complete.
We'll release the information
to the press in two hours.
Everything's going as planned.
Then let's begin.
(dramatic sting)
Our time has finally arrived.
(helicopter whirring)
What the...
What in the world?
(dramatic sting)
♪♪♪
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ Till the walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ Oh, oh I'll be
your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(rain falling)
Come on, don't go
crying now, buddy.
In times like these,
you got to stand tall
and smile real big.
You finally get to go to school.
Make sure you study, all
right? Learning is important.
But why does it have
to be right now?
Get in there and make
lots of friends, Mori.
Can you do that?
-(rain falling)
-(solemn music)
I think I can.
I won't ever let you
down, Grandpa. I'll do it.
I promise!
(birds chirping)
(groaning)
(gasps)
(whimpering)
(screaming)
Why? Today of all days.
Why'd you have to
sleep in, dummy?
(shrieks)
(both screaming)
Mori! Come apologize!
If you don't get up that
bike right now, I swear! Ooh!
(grunting)
Today's the day.
Here we go!
(techno music)
[Announcer] Today, our
country begins gearing up
for that highly
anticipated event.
Students competing
in the all styles
martial arts tournament,
the God of High School.
City preliminaries will be held
at the KORG Arena.
-I heard the guys
from Class 2 scored tickets,
smack dap I'm in the front row.
[Student] No way.
How in the world they
managed to pull that off?
I mean, seeing it
streaming is fine and all,
but man I'd give
anything to see it live.
My cousin told me
there's a real hottie
in the South Jeolla prelims.
Exact samesies in the
Gyeongsang prelims!
An ice-cold, heart-throb badass!
Mm-hmm, yeah. Thanks
for stopping by.
Oh, you can just set that there.
[Daewi] Well, I
better clock out.
It's that time already? Huh?
Thanks for working the night
shift right before prelims.
(Daewi groaning)
Hey, it's my job.
(sighs)
From the look of this I'm going
to need some extra shifts.
(birds chriping)
How come we didn't qualify
for God of High School?
We worked so hard.
It makes no sense.
Yeah, you got to wonder just
how they pick the finalists.
I mean, there are some
tournament regulars,
there's a bunch of them
I've never heard of before.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry. But well, I
appear to be quite lost?
Do you think maybe you could
direct me to the arena?
[Judo Captain] The
arena's that way, right?
No, you have to
cross the bridge.
We were just there.
Oh really? Wait, when
did they move it?
(heart beating loudly)
(shrieks) Your muscles
are incredible.
-Huh?
-Oh.
(all grunting)
Hang in there,
man. You got this.
And once you're there...
The arena's gotta have
food stalls, right?
Bananas, rice balls or
mouthwatering noodles.
(shrieking and bellowing)
Hey, watch where you're going!
Huh?
Stop him. Give that back.
(squeals)
I can buy clothes
for that grandkids.
Would you like a sushi roll?
Your grandson has a brain tumor.
[Mori] That poor old lady.
[Robber] (laughing)
That was too easy.
Hey! Stop!
Get your butt back here, thief!
Give that old lady
back her purse
so she can pay for the surgery!
Little Timmy needs
it or he'll die.
You want that on your head?
[Robber] (shrugs) Dammit.
♪ Streaming to you live ♪
♪ Directly from Seoul ♪
♪ Looking round, sky is blue
was I'm taking a stroll ♪
♪ Yeah, now just sit back
and I'll show you my town ♪
♪ Comment if you like it
and don't vote me down ♪
♪ Yeah, we got that food,
every different kind of stall ♪
♪ That's the first up on our
list on our Seoul roll-call ♪
(viewers gasping)
[Woman] For real?
[Mori] Hold it! Come back, dude.
(grunting and groaning)
(motorbike engine revving)
[Robber] What's with this guy?
(screaming)
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Huh, looks like I win.
(laughs maniacally) Oh,
sure, make it interesting.
Pull over!
(motorbike engine revving)
You're done, pull over now,
thief! (grunts, shrieks)
I can't believe a cutie like you
is interested in martial arts.
I can't help it, I really
admire strong people.
And I think you're
all just amaze...
(gasping)
I'm so sorry. I really am,
I'm just a kind of a rush!
Like hell you are!
(gasping)
You can't just smash
and dash, you jerk!
But that thief's getting
away with that lady's purse.
What? That's awful.
[Robber] (exhales) What was
that guy's problem? Huh?
So that guy up ahead
is the thief, right?
Let's teach him a lesson.
You said it.
(laughing) Gotcha now, thief!
♪ How you doing grannie ♪
♪ I saw that snatcher getcha ♪
♪ Thought you might get hurt ♪
♪ So I wanted just to check ya ♪
♪ What was in your purse,
did you have a lot to lose ♪
♪ I'm sorry to hear that,
the city's full of fools ♪
♪ But this kid on the bike,
he was moving his pedals ♪
♪ He decided to protect
her by proving his mettle ♪
♪ Made that guy regret ♪
(action music)
(Mira grunting)
[Robber] You leave me no choice.
My 10 years of
motorcycle experience
all comes to this moment.
Bet you can't take
corners like this! Can ya?
No way!
[Both] Give up already
you big, dumb evil-doer!
(screaming)
(action music)
Get him! Do your thing!
[Mira] Okay!
Moon Light Sword Style,
Number 17. (gasps)
(groans)
[Robber] Huh?
(laughs hysterically)
Yes! Now I'm free! (screams)
(crash)
Hm, guess I caught up to him.
[Woman] Whoa, what
the hell happened?
[Mira] What happened?
I missed it.
[Woman] Can't believe I
missed the whole thing.
Huh?
(gentle music)
(sirens wailing
in the background)
(upbeat music)
So sorry to have kept you
all waiting, everyone.
Here the only thing on
the line is your pride.
The only thing you can
trust is your fists.
Choose any wish I
did will be granted.
Such is the power of God.
And now, without further ado,
let the God of High School
Seoul Preliminaries begin!
(crowd cheering)
(upbeat music)
(sighs) I can't believe
I made it just in time.
Yeah, well, you better
pay me back later.
[Mori] Huh?
For my glasses.
If anyone's to blame,
it'd be the purse
snatcher, wouldn't it?
Why don't you send
the bill to him?
Geez, it's a big
opening ceremony,
and I can't see a thing.
You know, I got to thank
you for your help, man.
You saved my ass.
The name's Mori Jin.
Daewi Han.
(upbeat music)
Huh?
What are you looking at?
I'm Mira.
Mira Yoo.
Excuse me, participants,
you're all on deck,
I need you to stand by.
Here in this arena, we've
gathered brave martial artists,
each one judiciously
handpicked and recruited
by our tournament
administrators.
This is an all style
martial arts tournament
in which any school of fighting
or practice will be allowed.
Furthermore, there is no timer,
nor any limitations
on weapons used.
The only way to win is to
knock out your opponent
or get them to surrender.
Regional preliminaries
are currently in progress
all over this great nation
to select our participants
for the tournament taking
place in one month's time.
But enough chatter, let's
bring in our fighters!
(crowd cheering)
(overlapping chatter in crowd)
Anyone got a granola bar in
their purse or something?
(upbeat music)
Ha, we'll be using
these fancy bracelets
to monitor all the
contestants during the battle.
Nanomachines injected into them
when they entered the arena
will allow us to monitor
their vitals in real time
and heal any injury
instantaneously.
So don't hold back, give
it everything you've got.
Whoever makes it
through the preliminary
and goes on to
win the tournament
will have any wish
their heart desires
granted by our tournament
administrators.
But you're not here
for explanations,
so what I'd let you do
what you came here for
and get the fighting underway.
So... Begin.
[Man] I'm kind of confused.
They're going to fight? Already?
So there aren't any pairings
or tournament
brackets or anything?
They're starting with
last man standing, huh?
[Woman] What's going on.
Is the tournament starting now?
[Man] It's a battle royale!
A battle royale?
What are you looking at?
Right back at ya!
You know what?
I never liked looking
at your ugly mug anyway.
You wanna say that again, pal?
Ha, his level's lower than mine.
(grunting)
(upbeat music)
I get it.
If I go after all the guys
with a lower level than mine...
(indistinct chatter
and groaning)
Though hesitant at first,
our fighters are really
starting to show their skills
in the arena.
(whimpering, grunting)
(crowd screaming, gasping)
Yes, you have to win here
or you won't survive.
-(grunting and groaning)
-(action music)
[Contestant] He looks
weak! Let's get him first!
Ha, you wanna fight?
(grunting and groaning)
(crowd cheering and screaming)
Of course, I heard a
commissioner was injured
by one of the very participants
he recruited, right?
All right, once I
beat these guys down,
I get a rematch with
blondie up there.
It's going more or
less as predicted.
Naturally the strongest
among them will win.
[Q] The real spectacle
is yet to come.
And some haven't even begun
to show their true colors.
Yes.
I understand, then I'll
put them in immediately.
Well, it appears that
it went through finally,
our special arrangement
with the Seoul Reformatory.
[T] Hang on a sec.
What?
Oh, we have ourselves
a latecomer.
Given this man's history,
odds are good he's going
to be the one to beat.
(gate opening)
[T] Mansoek Kang will
have an HP handicap
based on 20% of the
average HP consumption rate
of the remaining participants.
(rock music)
(Mansoek laughs maniacally)
(grunting and groaning)
[Daewi] He's fast.
[Mansoek] Too slow.
What's wrong with you people?
You a field of tomatoes?
I would have more fun
taking a nap in my cell.
(laughing lowly)
-Knock it off!
-Huh? (gasps)
(grunting and screaming)
(Mansoek laughing)
What a nice surprise?
Aint you a cutie pie?
And what's this sad old
thing, some girly toy?
Moon Light Sword Style,
Number one! Deva!
(groans loudly)
(gasps)
(laughs) I like you.
What do you say, pretty
lady, how about a date?
Gross! No way, you big creep.
[Judo Captain]
(growling) That bastard.
(chuckles) Huh?
[Mori] Excuse me.
Oh, you like cute things, do ya?
Personally, you seem more
like a briefs man to me.
[Mansoek] Well, since
you're so obsessed
with the packaging, wanna see?
[Mori] Nah. His pants are heavy.
Buddy, you might want to
fight someone who... (bellows)
(gasping)
Hey, kid, who the hell are you?
[Daewi] In that
split second, he...
Hey, not too shabby.
You're going to go all
out then so will I!
(chuckles) Yeah,
baby. Bring it on!
(action music intensifying)
(bright music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together, not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, ♪
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, la ♪